Mention in the Any documentation how object is preferable (#19103)
python/mypy: docs/source/kinds_of_types.rst

at runtime. You can use ``Any`` as an "escape hatch" when you can't use
a more precise type for some reason.

> This should not be confused with the
> :py:class:`object` type, which also represents any value, but in a type-safe
> way; it's almost always preferable to use ``object`` instead of ``Any``, if
> you can do so without great difficulty — see :ref:`any-vs-object` for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should not be confused with the
:py:class:`object` type, which represents the set of all values.
Unlike ``object``, ``Any`` introduces type unsafety — see
:ref:`any-vs-object` for more.
```
